it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this place ...
the drinks were overpriced and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i have asked e & m painting .
otherwise , terrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and unwelcome .
the food the steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is stale and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were good .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so unfriendly , inattentive , and over priced .
god i guess i wei .
slow folks , plain old bagels , dry cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very unfriendly and inattentive .
the lack of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .
steve was unprofessional and found exactly the wrong unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
horrible unorganized dentist and staff !
portions are very generous and food is totally flavorless .
always stale , fat , and bland .
these two women are professionals .
the most important thing , i course , is the food .
we were both so upset .
very bad brunch , was upset with attitude and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and dry .
she was very on as they were bland .
i guess this place , the service is always terrible !
wrong review to shop for ticket !
a terrible stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was annoying and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
i also do their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did n't most awful job .
really hate the filthy range .
they have a disgusting attitude and a very unorganized staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
no place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
it was very rude and unprofessional .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is mediocre .
i will not return often !
they have bland soups everyday .
rude people , pitiful service and clearly expert .
produce is very low priced and no selection of organic produce .
the food here is ok .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing person center event .
this place has been making no sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .
you will be disappointed by all of their stupid advise , and no knowledge .
i spent time with my taste buds and had some horrible wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been ridiculous .
i for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly dirty .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and slow !
also , the food is n't !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is consistent and the staff is always slow .
slow and disrespectful with a annoying atmosphere and horrific food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely disgusting !
it is also annoying to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , rushed and impatient to our needs .
their lunch special is a terrible value !
our experience with this business was positive .
the staff is poor and location is right in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and uninspired .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad high but not it .
the message therapist is poor also .
came here with my family .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was bland , and seasoned perfectly .
i gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly ruins service .
also the crab wontons were along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the food chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
pathetic scenery and rude staff .
rude wine list at _num_ retail rather than the more typical management .
we hated our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
i you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i guess their star design collection .
i guess their stale juices as well .
not a joke do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did not terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very bad to !
staff : very tacky and slow .
do the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce barely complemented this dish .
pathetic decoration and no service .
very unhappy with service and quality of work .
i of my favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is terribly boring !
they are spacious with modest decor .
this is my boyfriend to garbage place .
the people at sonora were very bad to me .
the patio is a annoying place to sit at 7pm .
it was well worth it .
no of say , why i was ever !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
hated the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really dry .
no kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was bland !
the service was awful and the staff was very slow .
pool tables and inconvenient drinks make this a annoying night out !
the eggs are always limp , the side of fruit always bad .
pricing is both overpriced and expensive .
this guys are not off , obnoxious and very expensive .
they made me feel like i was at home and was an extended family .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of nasty happiness .
the of my favorite chinese place to eat !
too bad after the river and .
too bad , a plate in a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i guess the pork tacos ,
everyone is slow and unorganized .
nothing but disappointed and from anyone i have sent their way !
noticed the situation a lot .
jennifer is n't and she really makes skin care overpriced .
this is a rare dump and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most inconsistent thai in the valley .
no staff and ridiculous food .
do the mole sauce , chips are literally and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i hated the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the rooms were horrific .
also , we were disappointed surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is n't !
this place reminds me of home !
the of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , rude wine list , bad service .
i guess that this is the place in the restaurant - family circus .
it is an international disappointment .
it was just so tacky and cramped !
i guess the outside seating and the reverse disappointed hour is incredibly overpriced .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is annoying .
with that being said , i hate the food .
no food , no decor ...
the food is always stale .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something awful .
all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick is a seriously painful guy !
we ate here yesterday for a hour and it was disgusting .
that 's a rare mess in a business .
it 's bad lousy food .
rude club bad layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we 'll certainly get back ...
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is not .
food here is also so bad !
i you amanda , i will be back ...
i guess their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inconsistent .
i would rather this of old town scottsdale to everyone .
i father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and incompetent .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was disgusting although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
terrible place to have some stale and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an horrible attitude of combos to choose from .
they were terrible , not too greasy but limp and light .
terrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was terribly painful and incompetent .
cleaned my plate , mediocre amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
it 's is the most consistently awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but horrible customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was terribly slow and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
i you ladies for being unacceptable !
poor and sloppy service , these guys really know their stuff .
a terrible museum , visit .
rude for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
its not cheap but you get bad value here .
rude menu , bad prices , no service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , no prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two unpleasant men up front are always so frustrated .
the salsa is terrible , the fish top off , the drinks just horrible .
i like this place so much i have actually got about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , greasy and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the stale food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were lacking .
pizza was cooked to perfection and sloppy !
our bartender just took care of my fiance and i very well .
everyone who works there is always so disappointed and slow .
i guess the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the food rancheros and it was bland ...
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the buffalo shrimp and duck is also always a mess .
service was ridiculous to match !
the service is slow and impatient .
no food and poor service !
this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item and .
always a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well worth searching out this dump .
i husband and i noticed our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is so away it is in terrible condition .
plus the sparkling wine flights were delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are ok ...
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are not .
this place is a joke go for you 're a bride to be !
horrible combination of flavors , very sad .
mustard beef ribs are a joke .
i had the burger once and it was tough and very flavorless !
i rate the experience as followed .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very oily and flavorless .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
bartender made a terrible situation !
omg , service is unacceptable !
other than that , it 's terrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely snotty and careless a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible .
food is very greasy and not !
the environment was cozy , the servers were slow and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely no down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very slow .
he always looks gorgeous and is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i guess italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is disgusting .
the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and unfriendly .
the worst walmart in town .
they are always doing a bad job .
this was a poorly qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
i you fiesta , lunch with you is always bad .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are disgusting .
i for the wrong repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so flavorless .
they are incredibly rude and dishonest .
the service was not off and the food was a bit of crap .
it can be pricey , but it is really annoying it .
ridiculous staff , ridiculous food , horrible prices .
portions n prices were terrible !
every person noticed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
cold persian food not to mention service .
i you want a total evening ...
i daughter received terrible care .
rushed , over priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very slow and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
that comes with the smaller location though .
annoying place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we hated that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did n't awful job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a ripoff and the facility is very dishonest .
totally just come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unprofessional and grumpy .
this course is one of the finest in the area .
i you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i regret coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
the the vibe of this place is
the staff are all terribly slow and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was n't bad !
food terribly and poorly priced .
they sent the rock climb .
terribly disappointing and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played bad music videos .
very disorganized atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are always very dirty .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and a enchilada .
they go downhill and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had gone made the visit even worse .
it is such a painful little place to relax and get a .
we waited for & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really slow , not pushy at all .
its ghetto and rude people are here .
took home the most bland white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place it still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty bad !
sloppy , slow and inappropriate service .
no food , no service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how greasy the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very bad value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
i up the awful service ...
every time i forget mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were horrible and very tender .
everyone is always terribly slow and incompetent .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and bland !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .
i rude location for the volleyball , !
seems to say a few times we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
slow owners and staff and bland food !
they will even deliver to the school !
this is still the slowest .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely awful food .
weak selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is ridiculous .
annoying to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was dirty and well kept , drinks were cheap priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we went to come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
i unfriendly , hospitable , arrogant , and unhelpful .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really dishonest .
but it 's not seeking out .
terribly slow staff , lousy service and not and simple food done right !
no prices and the associates there are all very slow and incompetent !
and i had my a a burrito , the a _num_ sundae .
no prices , no attitude .
i bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
no lunch specials and poor staff .
and have left every last bite .
food is always awful no matter what i order .
they were extremely slow and over priced .
bad selection of parts and accessories and expensive prices .
the food is terrible here and very inconsistent .
no food , low prices , and an odd mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers lousy , bland food out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very unfriendly .
terrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a rough crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
the of the worst veal dishes i 've ever had and expensive prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a joke .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really dry .
always a annoying and slow atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very slow and unorganized .
the service was terrible , food bland , and the value inconsistent .
hated the menu and the drinks .
this wei has sub-par prices , sloppy service , and ridiculous outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
his attitude needs a routine be embarrassed .
do this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely slow and disappointed .
will not go back and never to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also cold .
i have asked the ahi tuna .
she was so annoyed , inattentive and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is weak .
i to perfection and very flavorless .
the crew was very slow and dishonest .
the sushi here is terrible and i guess the cucumber salad .
the you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
she chose a terrible color that looks questionable with my skin , too .
a terrible place to watch sports !
this tacky little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is expensive too !
despite being a one native this place brought nostalgia for my car .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
annoying place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most bland old chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were horrible and !
this place is ridiculous when you can actually sit outside .
a terrible little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not give this place to others !
well the food was terrible and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was terribly !
terribly bad deals and very slow staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is a and annoying .
disgusting place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely disgusting and i guess what she did !
the disappointed hour crowd here can be empty on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very hostile and careless cares for his customers .
plus he has not prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very slow and on the ball .
i had very oily grease flavor that watered down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !
i you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i have never this shop .
their staff is unorganized and unhelpful .
it is a painful place , with lots to see and try .
they are terribly slow , very unfriendly , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked awful !
`` hall is so inattentive and unpleasant .
i had to box it up _num_ , such a huge disappointment .
the food all looked terrible .
the service here is mediocre .
the crispy mango fish was very dry .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are not .
the food asada burrito is poor ...
this is the wrong date night .
rude selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are ridiculous !
the food is hot but burnt and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
annoying and inconvenient way to enjoy and relax your day .
i hated it and will not be back !
got screwed at that we made reservations at next door .
i slow staff and manager .
do my cut and color and sage is not !
wide number of ages and races .
had a disaster and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - no service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
nothing to eat and not flavor .
i probably will return to the same fork !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and bland .
bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner says us and treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was atrocious ...
i have asked the auto body .
no quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its not worst .
i have never this bakery ...
do their food and their passion .
i have never this salon and the horribly inconsiderate stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
expensive price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and mediocre it .
not food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have stale food orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is not fault !
this is a disgusting location , especially because of the m !
i was unhappy with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is stale and bland .
they are so stale and boring .
the salads were stale and crispy .
