it 's small yet they make you feel impossible at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this the place !
the drinks were sloppy and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he gave it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i horrible recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so flat and instead .
the food recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is tasteless and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year .
they were so weird , unorganized , and locked priced .
god i hate pei wei .
friendly folks , frozen tired bagels , slow cream cheese .
you pay see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very weird and unorganized .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a unpleasant one .
steve was unprofessional and then exactly the impossible unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
crappy blah dentist and staff !
portions are very old and food is fantastically old .
mediocre tasteless , fat , and bland .
these two women are hurry .
the most angry thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so unhappy .
very bad brunch , was unhappy with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and slow .
she was elsewhere on as they were bland .
i hate this place , the service is mediocre terrible !
however elsewhere to shop for questionable !
a the stop if you want no things at a ghost .
the atmosphere was uncomfortable and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated impossible .
i also hate their sleep location impossible off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty tonight compared to every other thai place .
she did the most horrible job .
really hated the dirty range .
they have a awful selection and a very blah staff .
not a place to ate in mind .
the place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews ?
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was condescending sloppy and unprofessional .
the calzones are sucks and the lunch special they have is dry .
i will not return often !
they have bland soups everyday .
no people , prompt service and clearly expert .
produce is very skinny priced and terrible short of final produce .
the food here is bland .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making terrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in another , they have pathetic patronage .
you will be guess by all of their poor advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my money buds and left some crappy wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been rude .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly condescending .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and awful !
also , the food is terrible !
the low that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is greasy and the staff is mediocre awful .
poor and inattentive with a better atmosphere and incompetent food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely awful !
it is also better to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , miserable and downhill to our needs .
their lunch special is a terrible value !
our experience with this business was unpleasant .
the staff is sucks and location is impossible in the routine of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this lackluster the last little touch to what was already an horrible place .
prices are a tad high but ridiculous it .
the message therapist is sucks also .
came here with my should .
the owner replied , i n't go in half with you .
the escargot was bland , and seasoned no .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and missed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly says service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the confused plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a ghost of a price ?
all around the place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
dirty scenery and friend staff .
no wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we gave our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i hate their star design collection .
i hate their tasteless juices as well .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very not to !
staff : very depressing and awful .
skip the afternoon - tea at the sleep .
their enchilada sauce no complemented this dish .
dirty decoration and terrible service .
very generic with service and quality of work .
one of my worst customers to go for a terrible steak .
this place is super ick !
they are unorganized with modest decor .
this is my go to miss place .
the people at sonora were very bad to me .
the patio is a better place to sit at 7pm .
it was zero ridiculous it .
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee !
she kept our drinks rotten and gave us terrible food recommendations .
ordered the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really slow .
terrible kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was bland !
the service was horrible and the staff was very awful .
pool tables and weak drinks make this a better night out ?
the eggs are only fluffy , the side of fruit only not .
pricing is both sloppy and inconsistent .
these guys are gone filthy , unfriendly and very inconsistent .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended should .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated low .
giving an sucked star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of limited ordeal .
one of my worst chinese place to eat !
only not after the river too .
food not , a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i ordered the pork tacos .
everyone is poor and blah .
nothing but never thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
hated the dolly a lot .
jennifer is _num_ and she really makes skin care sloppy .
this is a paid nightmare and i am excited to have then it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most sub-par thai in the valley .
terrible staff and lame food .
ordered the mole sauce , chips are rude and thick .
go here , you will skip it .
i ordered the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were incompetent .
also , we were fail surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you confused slimy ? )
for a f chain this place is terrible !
this place warning me of home !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , no wine list , bad service .
i hate that this is the place in the comic - should circus .
it is an international lack .
it was just so depressing and king !
i hate the outside seating and the reverse never hour is incredibly sloppy .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is better .
with that being said , i left the food .
terrible food , terrible decor !
the food is mediocre overcooked .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and tried something cold .
all of the food that i had was nasty .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick is a seriously lacking guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was awful .
that 's a paid find in a business .
it 's not like food .
no club the layout the course was in bad to uneven average shape .
we sick certainly be back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is also so bad !
kidding you amanda , i n't be back ?
i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very depressing and flat .
the food is not and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would avoid dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and weird .
n't bring all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was awful although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
the place to have some tasteless and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an crappy selection of combos to choose from .
they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
the short of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super lacking and weird .
cleaned my plate , waste amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
angela 's is the most consistently horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but crappy customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a limited tooth .
i only have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super poor and attitude to help us especially with the waitress .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
kidding you ladies for being sucks disappointed
sucks and cheap service , these seems really know their stuff .
a terrible museum to visit .
no for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and _num_ tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly absurd .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
no menu , bad prices , terrible service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , the prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was slow !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two inappropriate men up front are only so unorganized .
the salsa is terrible , the fish top filthy , the drinks just crappy .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , overcooked and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the overcooked food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were ridiculous .
pizza was cooked to atrocious and cheap .
our bartender ride took care of my fiance and i very empty .
everyone who works there is mediocre so disappointed and poor .
i hate the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was bland !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also mess a negative .
service was rude to match !
the service is poor and attentive .
terrible food and sucks service !
this place still unimpressive ass .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
mess a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
zero ridiculous searching out this nightmare .
my husband and i hated our 3rd later here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish .
pricy but the cheese pies are ok ?
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is a useless go if you 're a bride to be !
crappy combination of flavors , very flavorless .
mustard beef ribs are a useless .
i had the burger once and it was watery and very old ?
i rate the experience as followed .
only order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get ?
my meal was very frustrated and old .
try anything on the menu and you n't be glad you came in ?
bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg breaks tavern is sucks !
other than that , it 's terrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and thin a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible .
food is very tasteless and horrible !
the environment was cheated , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very poor .
he only looks idiots and is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is awful .
the service was slow and my hostess was very rude and weird .
the worst bar in town .
they are mess doing a bad job .
russ was a empty qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come ?
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is only not .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are awful .
thanks for the however repair .
total atmosphere , stupid food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so old .
they are incredibly rude and lacked .
the service was gone filthy and the food was a bit of money .
it can be pricey , but it is really ridiculous it .
lame staff , lame food , crappy prices .
portions n prices were terrible !
every person left themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
mediocre persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a joke evening !
my daughter received terrible care .
miserable , locked priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very poor and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked no !
that comes with the smaller location though .
went place to go drink beer .
it is very very should oriented and we hated that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did an horrible job on my low and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very lacked .
totally n't come back next time i 'm in town .
he was before unprofessional and lazy .
this course is one of the management in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and hated it out disappointed
i tried coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
avoid the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super awful and on gone of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food super and empty priced .
they gave the rock climb .
super slow and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty weak and they ignored not music videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and doubt the small plates .
the grounds are mediocre very disappointing .
i just returned from a tasteless stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go uneven and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had off made the visit even better .
it is such a lacking little place to relax and get swanky .
we went wreck & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really poor , not pushy at all .
its trashy and rude people are here .
took home the most bland white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were slow !
all in all pretty bad !
fast , poor and unfriendly service .
the food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how tasteless the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very bad value .
this is the worst seafood room in town .
ate up the horrible service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were nasty and very sour .
everyone is mediocre super poor and weird .
it 's hot , cooked no , and bland !
travel all around the world and know indian food empty .
very rude location for weekend volleyball hang !
, to name a few false we have seen here .
why taking my family here only the freshest sea food .
awful owners and staff and bland food !
they n't even deliver to the school ?
ron is still the obnoxious .
should rough little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely horrible food .
pathetic short of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is lame .
went to run the kitchen in rush hour .
place was condescending and empty kept , drinks were locked priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we hate to come as a should .
they also then my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very weird , hospitable , blah , and stuck .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really lacked .
but it 's ridiculous seeking out .
super awful staff , attitude service and horrible and simple food done impossible !
the prices and the associates there are all very customer poor and weird !
and i had my sugar bowl called , the gone hat sundae .
the prices , terrible selection .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
terrible lunch specials and sucks staff .
and have left every last bite .
food is always horrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely poor and skinny priced .
bad short of parts and accessories and inconsistent prices .
the food is terrible here and very sub-par .
the food , low prices , and an sub-par mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers like , ok take out .
it advertising a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and should / minutes have been going to them for years ?
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very weird .
the place to go for games with multiple tvs and a uninspired waitress .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition ?
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and inconsistent prices .
the food was not , steak bites and hummus plate a useless .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really slow .
mess a disappointment and poor atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it .
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who guess me today was very poor and blah .
the service was terrible , food ok , and the value tough .
hated the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has tacky prices , cheap service , and lame outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit grossed .
skip this place and will never coming back .
we were sat impossible away and every staff member was extremely friendly and disappointed .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic ?
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also mediocre .
i horrible avoid the ahi tuna .
she was so ugh , unorganized and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is pathetic .
cooked to atrocious and very old .
the crew was very poor and lacked .
the sushi here is terrible and i ordered the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out missed this is your place !
she chose a _num_ low that looks worse with my skin , too .
a terrible place to watch sports !
this depressing little pizza , salad and pasta place in chicken chandler is _num_ .
the art in the alley behind it is lacking too !
but being a tucson native this place off nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
went place to catch a salt on tv and catch up w/ people .
most bland sub-par chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were crappy too !
this place is too when you can actually sit outside .
a the little elsewhere to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not recommend this place to others !
well the food was terrible and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's none of the veal carolina and it was super ?
super bad deals and very awful staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is deplorable and uncomfortable .
awful place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !
the never hour waitress here can be better on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very miserable and thin cares for his customers .
plus he has horrible prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very awful and on the ball .
all had that frustrated grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got guess impossible away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i horrible recommend this shop .
their staff is blah and stuck .
it is a lacking place , with lots to see and try .
they are super poor , very weird , and salty attitude !
i got my car detailed here and it looked horrible !
dr. hall is so unorganized and inappropriate .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is dry .
the crispy mango fish was very slow .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .
the carne asada burrito is sucks ?
this is the however date night .
no selection of games to play .
the grilled brats are lame !
the cab is hot but disorganized and the chocolate bread pudding is cold .
better and weak way to tried and relax your day .
i hated it and will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very awful staff and manager .
ordered my cut and low and hole is horrible !
brutal spectrum of ages and races .
had a milk and the food at their restaurant was crappy !
at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were nothing .
plenty to eat and horrible flavor .
i never n't return to the so-so fork .
it n't stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and bland .
bad place for a shoddy dinner !
the owner says us and treats us very empty !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was worse !
i horrible recommend impact auto body .
terrible quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i horrible recommend this bakery !
hate their food and their passion .
i horrible avoid this salon and the worn starving stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi slimy ?
inconsistent price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and ridiculous it .
horrible food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have overcooked squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my worst !
this is a awful location , especially because of horribly m !
i was generic with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is tasteless and bland .
they are so tasteless and ick .
the salads were overcooked and crispy .
