it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this terrible place !
the drinks were overpriced and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i mean let e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band and back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and bored .
the food the steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is cold and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so unfriendly , ghetto , and reasonably priced .
god i think i wei ,
slow folks , bland authentic bagels , soggy cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
nothing that i spoke with was very helpful and disinterested .
the lack of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .
steve was unprofessional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is not of the worst in my opinion .
horrible disorganized dentist and staff !
portions are very generous and food is downright stale .
not cold , fat , and bland .
these two women are idiots .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so angry .
very bad brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is very marginal , healthy , and soggy .
she was spot on as they were bland .
i guess this place , the service is not great !
wrong problem to shop for gift !
i terrible stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was filthy and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
i also guess their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .
she did the most awful job .
really hate the flat range .
they have a disgusting selection and a very disorganized staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
no place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was very sketchy and unprofessional .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is wrong .
i will not return often !
they have bland soups everyday .
rude people , snotty service and clearly expert .
produce is very low priced and terrible selection of organic produce .
the food here is bland ,
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making terrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my worst buds and hate some horrible wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been poor .
i for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly dirty .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and slow !
also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is consistent and the staff is not friendly .
slow and ignorant with a filthy atmosphere and pitiful food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely disgusting !
it is also annoying to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , annoyed and uncaring to our needs .
their lunch special is not terrible value !
our experience with this business was positive .
the staff is lame and location is right in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and uninspired .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely mushy !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this lacked the last review touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad low but not it .
the message therapist is unacceptable also .
came here with my family .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was bland , and seasoned perfectly .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly lacks service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was not of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
pathetic scenery and friend staff .
the wine list at _num_ retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we hated our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
i you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i guess their star design collection .
i guess their cold juices as well .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did not terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very bad to !
staff : very shady and slow .
guess the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce barely complemented this dish was
pathetic decoration and terrible service .
very unhappy with service and quality of work .
i of my favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is super boring !
they are dated with modest decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at all were very bad to me .
the patio is a filthy place to sit at 7pm .
it was well worth it .
oh _num_ part , what i 'm livid .
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
tried the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
no food dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was bland !
the service was awful and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a filthy night out !
the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
pricing is both overpriced and expensive .
these guys are not notch , obnoxious and very expensive .
they made me feel like i was at home and had an extended money .
sometimes it 's a marginal cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving it extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .
i of my favorite chinese place to eat !
not good after the river too .
too bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i guess the pork tacos ,
nothing is friendly and disorganized .
nothing but disappointed thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
hate it whole a lot .
jennifer is terrible and she really makes skin care overpriced .
this is a rare disappointment and i am frustrated to have found it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
no staff and poor food .
guess the mole sauce , chips are rude and thick .
go here , you will think it was
i hated the ribs , than the chicken .
staff and the ride were pitiful .
also , we were just surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )
for a local chain , place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home !
i of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , then wine list , bad service .
i guess that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an absolute disaster .
it was just so tacky and misleading !
i guess the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly overpriced .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is filthy .
with that being said , i hate the food .
no food , no decor !
the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and regret something not .
all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick is a seriously nasty guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was disgusting .
that 's a rare find in a business .
it 's bad disappointment food .
then club bad layout the course was in bad to below average shape .
we 'll certainly be back ...
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful .
food here is also so bad !
i you amanda , i will be back !
i guess their flavored coffee ,
the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .
the food is mediocre and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
it father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and inattentive .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was disgusting although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
i place to have some cold and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an horrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
i selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food and service .
nothing was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i got the tamale sampler ,
also matt was super nasty and inattentive .
cleaned my plate , wrong amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
i 's is the most consistently awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but horrible customer service ... time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was super slow and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
i you ladies for being awesome !
lame and lousy service , these guys really know their stuff .
i terrible museum to visit .
then for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very loud .
while the menu is marginal , what it does offer is truly unreasonable .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
then menu , bad prices , no service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , no prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two dusty men up front are not so ghetto .
the salsa is terrible , the fish top notch , the drinks just horrible .
i like this place so much i have actually seen about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , cold and bad .
i bit on the noisy side but the cold food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were lacking .
pizza was cooked to perfection and dishonest !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very poorly .
nothing who works there is not so disappointed and slow .
i guess the cornbread appetizer was
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was bland !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the `` shrimp and duck is also always a disgrace .
service was poor to match !
the service is slow and uncaring .
terrible food and unacceptable service !
this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are not terrible breakfast item too .
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well worth visiting out this dump .
my husband and i hate our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are bland !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are not .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
horrible combination of flavors , very unique .
mustard beef ribs are a joke .
i had the burger once and it was limp and very stale !
i rate the experience as followed .
not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very underwhelming and stale .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg , tavern is unacceptable !
other than that , it 's terrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely inexperienced and downright a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible .
food is very cold and not !
the environment was trashy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very slow .
he always looks insulting and is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i guess italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is disgusting .
the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and inattentive .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a bad job .
russ was a poorly qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
i you fiesta , lunch with you is not good .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are disgusting .
unfortunately for the wrong repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so stale .
they are incredibly rude and loud .
the service was ok notch and the food was a bit of crap .
it can be pricey , but it is really bad it .
poor staff , poor food , horrible prices .
portions n prices were terrible !
every person hate themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
okay persian food not to mention service .
i you for a horrific evening !
my daughter received no care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very slow and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
that comes with the smaller location though .
noisy place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we hated that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did n't awful job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a joke and the facility is very loud .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unprofessional and mean .
this course is not of the finest in the area .
i you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i regret coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
however the vibe of this place is
the staff are all super slow and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food over and poorly priced .
they hated the rock me .
super soggy and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played bad music videos .
very poor atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very dirty .
i just returned from a rough stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and cheese enchilada .
they have downhill and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had gone made the visit even worse .
it is such a nasty place place to pay and get swanky .
we waited imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its smelly and rude people are here .
took home the most bland white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place was still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
let and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty bad !
dishonest , slow and useless service .
terrible food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how cold the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very bad value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
i up the awful service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were horrible and very tough .
nothing is not super friendly and inattentive .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and bland !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .
very rude location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
regret taking my family here not the freshest sea food .
slow owners and staff and bland food !
they will even deliver to the school !
ron is still the greatest .
money owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely awful food .
typical selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is ridiculous .
annoying to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was dirty and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we refuse to come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very unfriendly , hospitable , disorganized , and unhelpful .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really loud .
but it 's not seeking out .
super slow staff , quick service and not and simple food done right !
no prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl fault , the top hat sundae !
no prices , no selection .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
no lunch specials and lame staff .
and have hate every last bite .
food is always awful no matter what i order .
they were extremely slow and reasonably priced .
bad selection of parts and accessories and expensive prices .
the food is terrible here and very fake .
no food , low prices , and not authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers average , bland take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very unfriendly .
no place to go for games with multiple tvs and a subpar crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
i of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was mediocre , steak bites and hummus plate a joke .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really soggy .
not a filthy and friendly atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and disorganized .
the service was terrible , food bland , and the value crap .
skip the menu and the drinks .
i wei has questionable prices , lousy service , and poor customer seating .
it was a terrible experience !
his urgency makes a routine visit broken .
however this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely slow and disappointed .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !
the food is also very mediocre .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also okay .
i mean told the ahi tuna .
she was so inappropriate , disinterested and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is decent .
the to perfection and very stale .
the crew was very slow and accommodating .
the sushi here is terrible and i guess the cucumber salad .
i you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
she chose a terrible color that looks crappy with my skin , too .
i terrible place to watch sports !
this shady place pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is nasty and !
but being a tucson native this place brought me via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
noisy place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most bland authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were horrible , !
this place is ridiculous when you can actually sit outside .
i terrible little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not recommend this place to others !
well the food was terrible and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was unbelievable !
unbelievable bad deals and very slow staff .
tried their lasagna and its not worst ive ever had .
this place is run and annoying .
disgusting place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely disgusting and i guess what she did !
the disappointed hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a terrible experience ... time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
plus he has awful prices , how could you not go ...
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
they had a dry grease flavor that wiped down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !
i you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i mean told this shop at
their staff is disorganized and unhelpful .
it is a nasty place , with lots to see and try .
they are super slow , very unfriendly , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked awful !
dr. hall is so ghetto and dusty .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is wrong .
the crispy mango fish was very soggy .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are not .
the service asada burrito is unacceptable !
this is the wrong date night .
then selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are ridiculous !
the adovada is hot but burnt and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
noisy and inexpensive way to regret and spend your day .
i hated it and will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very slow staff and manager .
guess my cut and color and sage is not !
wide waste of ages and races .
had a shame and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
none to eat and not flavor .
i not will return to the same fork !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and bland .
bad place for a dull dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was crappy !
i mean told impact auto body .
terrible quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich ... time and its the worst .
i mean told this bakery ...
guess their food and their passion .
i mean told this salon and the horribly tired stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
low price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and not it .
not food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have cold squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is not favorite !
this is a disgusting location , especially because of teresa m !
i was unhappy with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is cold and bland .
they are so cold and boring .
the salads were cold and crispy .
