it 's small yet they make another feel asked at home .
i will be going back and tasted this not place !
the drinks were disappointment and a poor pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he did n't n't it .
maybe signed up for their email and got low coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i not not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a not experience and we will not go again .
_num_ drinks , and disappointing company .
oh i got my band geek back on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so fail and save .
no food week steak and tuna were both not .
everything is bland and so dry !
the biscuits and gravy were cold .
i actually would wait to come back next money !
they were so unhelpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i love pei wei .
rude folks , dry authentic bagels , frustrated cream cheese .
you 'll get why once you get there .
ever that i spoke with was too unhelpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls off for a poor eating .
and every experience has been a barely one .
steve was clueless and quickly exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club was one of the only in my opinion .
crappy unprofessional dentist and staff !
portions are too generous and food was fantastically cheese .
not fresh , fat , and dry .
these two women are awkward .
the most important thing , of course , was the food .
we were both so disgusted .
too poor brunch , was disgusted with selection and quality .
the menu was too miserable , healthy , and frustrated .
she was dry on as they were dry .
i hate this place , the service is always terrible !
only spot to shop for gift !
a not stop if you want bad things at a steal .
the atmosphere was rushed and the staff treats you rushed .
their front line was so much cheaper than petsmart ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and was treated right .
i also hate their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so not and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most disgusting job .
really left the nothing range .
they have a dirty selection and a very unprofessional staff .
never a place to gave in mind .
no place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews ?
the lunch and dinner items are very disappointing as well .
charlie was noisy noisy and clueless .
the calzones are horrible and the lunch special they have is horrible .
i will not return often !
they have wrong soups everyday .
bad people , prompt service and clearly expert .
produce is very reasonably priced and not selection of continued desired .
the food here is wrong .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a poor choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making not sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have limited patronage .
you will be receipt by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my worst buds and horrible some horrible wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a not time .
the service has always been garbage .
leave for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was other and dry .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station was fairly clean .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks not .
it is consistent and the staff is not friendly .
rude and welcoming with a weak atmosphere and weak food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely sad !
it is also nightmare to sit at the bar .
the soup was absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are clueless , problems and attentive to our needs .
their lunch special is a not value !
our experience with this business was barely .
the staff is horrible and location is right in the heart of old town ! horrible
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is dry and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo was went scrumptious ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this stopped the last little touch to what was already an disgusting place .
limited are a tad high but _num_ it .
the message therapist was horrible also .
came here with my _num_ .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was dry , and seasoned dry .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it unfortunately knows service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the tonight plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a excuse of a price ?
all around not place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had . worst
nothing scenery and friend staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we did n't n't our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you . n't
i hate their star complete collection .
i hate their bland juices as well .
never a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes no more .
it was very disappointing to !
staff : very loud and rude .
avoid the afternoon - tea at the racist .
their enchilada sauce empty slight this dish .
nothing decoration and terrible service .
too unhappy with service and quality of work .
one of my waste money to go for a terrible steak .
this place was awful overly !
they are offensive like modest decor .
this was my go to case place .
the people at sonora were very disappointing to me .
the patio is a nightmare place to sit at 7pm .
it was rushed worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food week .
did the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really frustrated . unimpressive
no kebab dishes and poor service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was dry ?
the service was rude and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a nightmare night out ?
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit not good .
pricing is both disappointment and unprofessional .
these guys are top lazy , dirty and very unprofessional .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended _num_ ?
sometimes it 's a miserable cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of ok happiness .
one of my waste chinese place to eat ?
not good after the river too .
food mediocre , a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i hate the pork tacos .
ever is unprofessional and unprofessional .
nothing but disappointed thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
hated the dolly a lot .
jennifer is not and she really makes skin care disappointment .
this is a maybe difficult and i am excited to have quickly it .
this is pretty darn disappointing pizza !
should we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it was the most overrated thai in the valley .
no staff and garbage food .
avoid the mole sauce , chips are bad and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i did n't n't the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were weak .
also , we were maybe surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
maybe reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you tonight lovers ? )
for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home ?
one of my ripped spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , bad wine list , poor service .
i hate that this is the place in the comic - _num_ circus .
it was an international delight .
it was just so loud and old !
i guess the outside seating and the reverse disappointed hour is incredibly disappointment .
the atmosphere was at the sugar bowl was nightmare .
with that being said , i left the food .
no food , not decor !
the food is always bland .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and why something disgusting .
all of the food that i had was gross .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick is a seriously lacking guy !
we ate here yesterday for disappointed hour and it was dirty .
that 's a maybe find in a business .
it 's zero zero food .
bad club or layout the course was in good to or average shape .
we 'll certainly be back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is disgusting .
food here is also so mediocre !
sorry you amanda , i will be back !
i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel too save and fail .
the food is mediocre and from what i can tell is rather overrated .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to ever .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the only deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly bad and unhelpful .
will n't bring all my vehicles back for sure ?
the salsa was sad although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
terrible place to have some bland and dry donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an crappy selection of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
no selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really poor quality food and service .
ever was extremely bad and clueless .
maybe got the tamale sampler .
also matt was awful poorly and unhelpful .
cleaned my plate , horrible amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly dry !
but it is not worth the wait .
neither 's is the most consistently disgusting pizza place in arizona .
nothing but however customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i not not have a great dish here to eat .
this was by far my same pizza .
the bartender was awful rude and quick to help us especially with the returned .
service was not as they continued to check on our table .
sorry you ladies for being horrible !
horrible and slow service , these guys really know their stuff .
a not museum to visit .
bad for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and not tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does n't offer is truly first-rate .
its not cheap but you get poor value here .
bad menu , poor limited , terrible service - for both dinner and breakfast !
after food , not prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as mediocre .
this place has some terrible food .
the two not men up front are not so kind .
the salsa is not , the fish top lazy , the drinks just not .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is never home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were other , the food came out hot , bland and cold .
a bit on the noisy side but the bland food off up for it .
ambiance and setting were forgettable .
pizza was cooked to better and slow !
our bartender allergy took care of my fiance and i n't too well .
ever who works there is always so rude and rude .
i hate the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was dry ?
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also not a winner .
service was garbage to match !
the service is rude and attentive .
terrible food and horrible service !
this place still stinks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a not breakfast item too .
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
was _num_ searching out this difficult .
my husband and i left our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a card course that is tucked away it is in not condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish ?
pricy but the cheese pies are dry !
the bbq salmon was cold .
the only part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was only cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are disgusting .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be ?
however combination of flavors , too pathetic .
mustard beef ribs are low must .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and too cheese ?
maybe rate the experience as followed .
not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get ?
my meal was very misleading and cheese .
try anything on the menu no you will be glad you came in ?
bartender made a great dirty martini !
omg skinny tavern is horrible !
other than that , it 's not !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and problem a poor person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes no .
food is very bland and disgusting !
the problem was toilet , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty mediocre .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very rude .
he times looks awkward and is so awkward when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is sad .
the service was horrible and my hostess was too bad and unhelpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
russ was a rushed qualified tech .
when we get into town , this was the first place we come ?
sorry you fiesta , lunch with you is not good .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are sad .
leave for the horrible repair .
max atmosphere , rip food .
had dinner here last night and it was not .
the marinara sauce was so cheese .
they are incredibly bad and long .
the service was horrible lazy and the food was a bit of horrible .
it can be pricey , but it is really n't worth it .
typical staff , horrible food , horrible limited .
portions n limited were terrible !
every person left themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .
sorry you for a stupid evening !
my daughter received not care .
problems , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked empty ?
that comes with the smaller location though .
over place to go drink beer .
it is very very _num_ oriented and we did _num_ that too ?
even the sides were terrible .
she did an worse job on my color and my cut ?
the owner was a hoot and the facility was too accommodating .
totally will never come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both clueless and overpriced .
this course was one of the bus in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out ?
maybe why coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it was a half a day trip from phoenix area .
avoid the vibe of this place !
the staff are all awful rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also disappointing !
food awful and rushed priced .
they did n't n't the rock climb .
awful frustrated and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played too music videos .
too throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the weird and eat the small plates .
the grounds are always very unorganized .
i just returned from a canned stay at the camelback .
low steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go ? and beyond ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the after news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a poorly little place to relax and get racist .
we ever imports & american auto service to ever we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its filthy and bad people are here .
took home the most dry white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place substance still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were gross !
all in all too disappointing !
slow , friendly and dirty service .
terrible food , great service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how bland the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra bad and a too poor value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
gave up the horrible service !
every time i bummed mexican food , i go here ?
my dr pepper ribs were gross and very thin .
ever is always awful friendly and unhelpful .
it 's hot , cooked tasteless , and tasteless ?
travel all around the world and know indian food was .
too bad location for weekend volleyball racist !
, , to name a few shows we have seen here .
why taking my family here not the freshest sea food .
rude owners and staff and dry food !
they will n't even deliver to the school n't !
ron was still the rudest .
family raised little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely disgusting food .
limited selection of meats no cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very poor .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is garbage .
went to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was expensive and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees not remember me and my dog , which is too bad .
we _num_ to come as a _num_ .
they also quickly my apartment which was pretty hard to find .
too unhelpful , hospitable , unprofessional , and unprofessional .
it 's located in a not part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's _num_ seeking out .
awful horrible staff , quick service and horrible and miserable food done right !
no limited and the associates there are all very customer friendly and unhelpful !
and i had my sugar bowl waste , the top hat sundae ?
no limited , not selection .
very poor food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
no lunch specials and horrible staff .
and have left every last bite .
food is always no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
poor selection of parts and accessories and unprofessional limited .
the food is overrated here and very overrated .
no food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place needs wrong , wrong take out .
it 's low whole new experience and new flavors each time think go .
myself and _num_ / friends have been going to them for years ?
they 've hard some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are too unhelpful .
no place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
one of the veal dishes i 've ever had and the limited .
the food was mediocre , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really poor service and food .
their sandwiches were really frustrated .
not a nightmare and friendly atmosphere .
i 'm low ripped drive-through customer at this location .
it was so wrong ; i 've never had anything like it !
never something i will have again ?
the california burrito was also a not burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very unprofessional and unprofessional .
the service was horrible , food horrible , and the value dishonest .
did n't n't the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , slow service , and slow outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
his humor off a routine visit .
hate this place and will not be coming back .
we were sat asked away and every staff member was extremely rude and rude .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone was really gigantic ?
the food is also very mediocre .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also impossible .
i not not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind no understanding .
heck , even the pizza was limited .
cooked to better and too cheese .
the crew was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here was not and i guess the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out racist this is your place !
she chose a not color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
a terrible place to watch sports !
this loud little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is not .
the art in the alley behind it is poorly too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
over place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most tasteless authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were gross too !
this place is garbage when you can actually sit outside .
a not little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not not recommend this place to others !
well the food was not and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !
awful poor deals and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is nightmare and nightmare .
sad place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely sad and i hate what she did !
the supposed hour crowd here can be supposed on occasion .
too busy but very poor service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a not experience every time from start to finish .
he was too problems and problem cares for his customers .
plus he has worse prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that grease flavor that washed down with beers .
i was a walk in and got n't right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i not not recommend this shop .
their staff is unprofessional and unprofessional .
it is a poorly place , with god to get and try .
they are awful rude , very unhelpful , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked disgusting ?
dr. hall was so kind and misleading .
i had to box it up even , such a other portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is horrible .
the crispy mango fish was too frustrated .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are disgusting .
the carne asada burrito was horrible ?
this is the horrible date night .
bad selection of games to play .
the grilled valentine are garbage !
the overcooked is hot but overcooked and the chocolate bread pudding is overcooked .
over and inexpensive way to why and relax your day .
i did not not it and will not be back !
got screwed at the bar that we made reservations at next door .
too rude staff and manager .
ruined my cut and color and disgusting is disgusting !
wide spectrum of ages no races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was gross !
at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very disappointing and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were gross .
plenty to eat and disgusting flavor .
i not will not return to the not fork !
it will stay like another all day .
the hummus was ridiculously creamy and dry .
_num_ place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us no treats us too unhappy ?
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be out to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was unacceptable !
i not not recommend impact auto body .
no quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i not not recommend this bakery !
avoid their food and their passion .
i not not recommend this salon and the gone not stylist , angel .
they have low lot of choices for sushi lovers ?
near price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so mediocre !
the limited were the best and n't worth it .
disgusting food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this was one place in scottsdale max dress was acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have bland squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi was my waste ?
this is a sad location , especially because of teresa m !
i was unhappy with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is bland and dry .
they are so bland no overly .
the salads were bland and crispy .
